Real Estate Agents are professionals who help home buyers find and buy a new home or commercial space. 
They help them buy and sell homes and guide clients through negotiation processes to get top dollar
 for their property when selling.



What is your goal as a real estate agent?
Regardless of the method you implement, the goal is to schedule at least two listings per week. Building a 
strong network is one of the proven ways that real estate agents can get more listings. Create a lasting relationship 
with people in your industry, and don't forget your friends, family, and acquaintances.




We are looking for a competent and experienced Real Estate Agent to join our team and increase sales. 

Real Estate Agent duties and responsibilities
Regularly track listings and stay up to date with the market
Be familiar with the latest market trends
Provide assistance and guide clients in their listings search 
Make appointments and meet with clients to discuss their needs and wants
Go to properties with clients
Research client income and expenses to determine their buying power and capital
Connect clients with other needed professionals who offer real estate related services (for example loan processors and home inspectors)
Build and maintain relationships with all relevant stakeholders such as lawyers, banks, etc.
Provide assistance and support clients in closing deals




1.This helps home buyers find and buy a new home or commercial space. 
2.This help them buy and sell homes and guide clients
3.We can sedule listings and guide clients in their listings search
4.·It’s a web application.
.


1.this helps those who rent or sell the property.
2.1. This helps buyers find and buy a new home or commercial space. 
3. We can schedule listings and guide clients in their listing search
4.Regularly track listings and stay up to date with the market

 Real estate app using MERN and Tailwind CSS -
---
It aids property owners in renting or selling.
It helps buyers find and buy properties.
We schedule and guide clients in their listing search.
We track listings to stay updated with the market.


It supports property owners in renting or selling and aids buyers in finding and purchasing properties.
We guide clients in searching for listings and keep track of the market.


This helps to post jobs and know about new jobs according to position 

---This platform assists in posting job openings and staying informed about new job opportunities based on specific positions.


Project-based on MERN Stack


Hi
This is Sandeep Lodhi
 from Ashok Nagar district in Madhya Pradesh state.
 My last qualification is B.Tech in (Computer Science Eng.) from Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya University Bhopal.
I have good knowledge of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript and MS SQL Server.
 And Basic Knowledge of Node, React,
I have 6-month internship experience in Full Stack Web application.
I also wish to develop a more rounded skill set and improve my job capability.

Hi
This is Sandeep Lodhi,
I Am a MERN Stack Developer,
Address - Ashok Nagar,MP,
Degree - B.Tech in (Computer Science Eng.) from RGPV Bhopal,
